Mr. Yang
Don't worry about leaving.
That's him!
He was hawking national relics with some troublemaker.
Mr. Yang suspects that I am selling national cultural relics
From my side
How come?
Hey, the Master Xie you asked me to check?
I know all these years
Why has he been so infamous?
Why? Because after he left my father
I've been in the business of gold fighting
He also cooperated with Liangjia to sell that cultural relic
That's why he deliberately kept a low profile.
Oh, by the way, he is actually Wu Limin's father
Isn't his surname Xie?
No one in this business has a real name
There are several names
I see
No wonder Master Xie wants to gamble with you
You just sent Wang Yumin in at the birthday banquet before.
Remember that?
I see.
What did I say?
Teacher Yang
I think this concubine master is a person who covets wealth
He just wanted to use your cemetery
Let his daughter marry into a wealthy family
Mostly so
Hey, people are not ancient.
The snake swallows the elephant
Yes teacher
Miss Hou, please say that my father told me before
How much I offended you last time I was in the hospital
I want to come to your door to apologize
I'm really sorry.
No, it's okay, no, no
You must go.
Yeah, all right.